KIM JONG UN 
APHORISMS 

1 

PYONGYANG, KOREA 
JUCHE 105 (2016) 

KIM JONG UN 
APHORISMS 

1 
Foreign Languages Publishing House 
Pyongyang, Korea 
Juche 105 (2016) 

 

CONTENTS 
1. Motherland, Nation, Socialism and    Revolution .......................................................1 
2. Leader, Party and Masses ..............................10 


3. Ideology and Theory......................................19 


4. Politics, Army and National Defence ............26 


5. The Economy and Science and  Technology ....................................................37 
6. Education, Public Health, Art and    Literature and Physical Culture .....................46 
7. Youth, Schoolchildren and Future.................52 


8. Officials’ Traits and Style of Work................56 


9. Trust and Affection, Man and Life ................64 


1. MOTHERLAND, NATION, SOCIALISM AND REVOLUTION 
“Where there is the motherland, there are our Party, our government, our socialist system and the happy life of our people.” 
“The socialist motherland is the leader and the embrace of the motherland is his embrace.” 
“Our motherland is a genuine country of the people, a country of national independence.” 
“The red colour of the flag of the DPRK represents the blood of the revolutionary forerunners and comrades-in-arms, the white colour the pure loyalty of our service personnel and people who support our Party, and the blue colour our high and beautiful dreams and ambition.” 
“Kim Jong Il’s patriotism is the eternal soul and breath of Kim Il Sung’s nation, and a driving force for building a thriving country.” 
“Kim Jong Il’s patriotism is the most fervent and the warmest love for our socialist country and people and the most earnest and self-sacrificing devotion for the sake of the prosperity of the country and the well-being of the people.” 
“Kim Jong Il’s patriotism is the crystallization of socialist patriotism.” 
“Patriotism can be likened to a gemstone.” 
“People with the hearts of patriotism can make a great success.” 
“Patriotism finds its highest expression in fostering the might of one’s country for the sake of its prosperity.” 
“Devotion to the country is precisely loyalty to the leader.” 
“In answering the call of the country, one should not use mere words, but devote one’s whole being to translating it into practice; this is the proper stance of a patriot.” 
“It is patriotism to value and love one’s motherland, where one was born and grew up, as one would do one’s own flesh.” 
“One’s patriotism sprouts and grows at one’s dear native home where one took the first step with the help of one’s mother.” 
“Those who do not feel any affection for their parents, spouses and children or for their homes, villages and workplaces cannot love their country and fellow people; they can never become genuine patriots.” 
“It is patriotism to hold dear every blade of grass, every tree and every pebble in the country and devote one’s heart and soul to looking after them.” 
“While planting and tending even a single tree by oneself, one’s patriotic feeling and the determination to protect it develop.” 
“Attachment to one’s job is just patriotism.” 
“A life dedicated to national defence is the most worthwhile, patriotic life.” 
“One who builds monumental structures, taking responsibility for their safety and guaranteeing their quality for all eternity, is a genuine patriot.” 
“Holding dear and adding brilliance to our own things is genuine patriotism.” 
“Selling the prestige of one’s country and nation is a treachery.” 
“The ambition to beat the world has its roots in patriotism.” 
“We must do everything so that the coming generations can enjoy the benefits, even though we may not enjoy them in our lifetime–this is genuine patriotism.” 
“The longer the history of a nation is, the more brilliantly it shines, and the better historical sites and relics are preserved in their original state, the more valuable they become.” 
“History cannot be revised, hidden and invented.” 
“National reunification is patriotism, and national division is treachery to the nation.” 
“The motive force of national reunification is the entire Korean nation.” 
“In the present era, as in the past, socialism represents the ideal of humanity, and it is the irreversible trend of the times.” 
“Juche-oriented socialism is our people’s lifeblood and the cradle of their true life and happiness.” 
“Socialism of our style constitutes the everlasting foundation on which to brilliantly accomplish the revolutionary cause of Juche.” 
“The permanent strategy of our revolution and its final victory lie in marching straight along the road of independence, the road of Songun and the road of socialism.” 
“Single-hearted unity and invincible military might plus the industrial revolution in the new century together make a thriving socialist country.” 
“To give top and absolute priority to the interests of the people and administer all the policies of the Party and state for them is our style of socialism.” 
“The advantages of the socialist system should be given play first in the work of bringing up the rising generations.” 
“Capitalism can never imitate nor possess the advantages and might of socialism.” 
“Independence in politics, self-sufficiency in the economy and self-reliance in national defence are the road to achieving the eternal victory and prosperity of our style of socialism.” 
“The Juche character is the nature of socialism.” 
“Independence represents the justice of history, the victory of the revolution and the basis of the development of international relations.” 
“What our people have created in conformity with their own ideological and aesthetic feelings are all of our own style.” 
“It is the Juche orientation to adopt what is palatable and reject what is not.” 
“The struggle to defend socialism is aimed at prevailing over imperialism in all fields of social life.” 
“Doing things capitalistic must not be allowed in socialist society.” 
“The traditions of the anti-Japanese revolution are the firm roots of our Party and revolution.” 
“Mt Paektu is the place of origin of the Korean revolution, symbol of its victory and eternal beacon of Songun Korea.” 
“The trees bearing revolutionary slogans are a witness to history, which teach how the revolutionary traditions of our Party were created.” 
“The revolutionary relics are the eternal wealth and national treasure of our revolution.” 
“The revolution advances amid struggle and demands a leap forward to bring the future closer.” 
“The revolution and construction always aspire to a higher goal.” 
“The more the times advance and society develops, the higher the aspirations and demands for the new become.” 
“There can never be progress without innovations.” 
“The revolution is a do-or-die struggle to decide who prevails over whom between the revolutionary forces and the counterrevolutionary forces.” 
“The destiny of the revolution depends on how the motive force of the revolution is prepared.” 
“The revolution means comrades and vice versa.” 
“Revolution means faith.” 
“It is the revolutionary road that is followed with faith and it is the faith of revolutionaries that cannot be abandoned until their last breath.” 
“The revolution is conducted by dint of faith and obligation, and it is thanks to them that the life of revolutionaries shines.” 
“Korea’s determination is its materialization.” 
“Nobody in the world can check the advance of a people who have turned out for a just cause.” 
“Both time and justice are on our side, so we will emerge victorious without fail.” 

2. LEADER, PARTY  AND MASSES 
“A great leader brings up a great people.” 
“The destiny of the country and people is defended and guaranteed only by their leader.” 
“A genuine life for the people and eternal happiness for posterity can be created and brought into bloom only by a leader.” 
“Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il are the eternal leaders of our Party and our people.” 
“Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il are the eternal incarnation of the great Paektusan nation and the banners of all victories and glory.” 
“The 100-year history of Juche Korea is the most sacred and glorious history resplendent  with the august names and immortal revolutionary exploits of the great Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il.” 
“Ours is a country of the eternal Sun that holds Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il in high esteem.” 
“The invincible socialist country and the revolutionary cause of Juche that is gaining victory after victory are precious fruits whose seeds Comrade Kim Il Sung planted in the soil of the people and cultivated throughout his life.” 
“The life of General Kim Jong Il was literally a burning flame.” 
“The Kumsusan Palace of the Sun, where Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il lie in state, is the sanctuary of the Sun.” 
“The leadership of the revolution is the destiny of the country and people and the banner of victory.” 
“A revolutionary party is the powerful political weapon for guaranteeing a revolutionary cause–its beginning, progress and victory.” 
“The history of the Workers’ Party of Korea is the great revolutionary history of Comrade Kim Il Sung who founded it, as well as of Comrade Kim Jong Il who brilliantly carried forward Comrade Kim Il Sung’s ideology and cause.” 
“Our Party’s dream is to translate the wishes of Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il and the people’s ideals into reality.” 
“The supreme principle of our Party in its activities is to make the people lead a happy life envying nothing in the world.” 
“Everything for the people and everything by relying on them!” 
“Ours is a party that wages the revolution and that struggles for the coming generations, for the future.” 
“The flag of the Workers’ Party of Korea is the spiritual mainstay of our service personnel and people.” 
“The flag of the Workers’ Party of Korea is the banner of our revolution.” 
“It is the firm will of our Party to carry out the instructions of Comrades Kim Il Sung and  Kim Jong Il unconditionally without any deviation and without any concession.” 
“Party work is inconceivable separated from carrying out the instructions the leaders gave in their lifetime.” 
“The unified leadership system of the Party is the one for defending and implementing the independent demands and interests of the masses of the people.” 
“The steel-strong unity and cohesion with the leader at the centre is the lifeblood of the Party, source of its invincible might and firm guarantee for victory in the revolution.” 
“If the immune system becomes weak, the viruses lying dormant in human body are activated and cause diseases. Likewise, if the fighting efficiency of Party organizations becomes weak and discipline slackens in them, it is natural that factions come into being.” 
“Discipline is the lifeblood of the Party’s ideological work.” 
“Imbuing the Party and the revolutionary ranks with one ideology–this is the seed and core of the effort to establish the Party’s unified leadership system.” 
“The factionalist practice of challenging the Party’s unified leadership system originates in ideological degeneration, and the renegades of ideology are bound to oppose the Party and the revolution in the long run.” 
“Party cells are the Party’s end nerves that link the masses of the people with the Party with a feeling of kinship and the stones supporting the fortress of single-hearted unity.” 
“A party without mass foundation is no better than a candle before the wind.” 
“If a party loses the support and trust of the masses, it will become unable to maintain its own existence.” 
“When the people listen to the Party’s intentions, the Party must listen to their opinions.” 
“The voice of a mother is heard only in a family, but the voice of the Party reverberates throughout the country.” 
“The embrace that cares more for sick and wounded children, gives them love and affection, cures their sour wounds, helps them up and puts them forward again, instead of blaming them–this is the embrace of our motherly Party.” 
“It is our Party’s genuine intention to make all the people who were born on this land lead a worthwhile life in the embrace of the Party.” 
“Abuse of power, bureaucratism and corruption that are revealed in a ruling party are a dangerous poison that may lead it to become a party of aristocrats and bureaucrats.” 
“If abuse of power and bureaucratism    are tolerated in a party, it gives rise to high­handedness, arbitrariness and increased prevalence of corruption, from which sprouts anti-party practices.” 
“When they abuse their power and work in a bureaucratic manner, officials will impair the Party’s authority and the prestige of socialism, which will end up leading the revolution and construction to ruin.” 
“Party work cannot be conducted by means of a formula or a uniform solution.” 
“The best method of turning misfortune into blessing and adversity into prosperity should be found in the simple opinions of the people.” 
“The Party and the country exist because the people exist.” 
“The masses are the grass-roots foothold the Party relies on and the eternal companions with whom our Party should share the destiny until final victory will have been won in the revolution.” 
“The people do not exist for the sake of officials, but officials exist for the sake of the people.” 
“There cannot be satisfaction in the work for the people.” 
“What people say good is good.” 
“The people’s demands and interests are the criteria for all undertakings.” 
“The fairest judge is the people.” 
“Our single-hearted unity, formed by the leader, the Party and the masses with a great ideology and warm feelings and affection, is the greatest wealth and cannot be compared to millions of tons of gold.” 
“Single-hearted unity that is separated from the public sentiment is inconceivable.” 
“Our single-hearted unity is a harmonious whole in which the leader, the army and the people are linked with one bloodline.” 
“The single-hearted unity is the most valuable revolutionary heritage bequeathed by Comrade Kim Jong Il and the great foundation of our revolution.” 
“The single-hearted unity constitutes the cornerstone of our style of socialism.” 
“The single-hearted unity of the army and people around the Party is our strongest weapon and a powerful propellant for building a thriving socialist country.” 
“No force in the world can check the advance of our country that is steadfast in ideology and powerful with the support of science and technology and of our great people who are firmly rallied behind the Party.” 
“The strength fostered by the truth is inexhaustible.” 

3. IDEOLOGY AND THEORY 
“The bloodline of the revolution is defended and the revolution advances on the strength of ideology.” 
“Socialism emerges victorious if it holds fast to its ideology, and if it does not, it collapses.” 
“The might of socialism is, in essence, the ideological might.” 
“The most powerful weapon for a party that is waging a revolution–in fact its one and only weapon–is ideology.” 
“Without ideology, a party cannot be founded nor can it exist, and its work and revolutionary struggle are inconceivable separated from ideological work.” 
“The tradition of victory of the arms of Paektusan is the tradition of winning victory over the weapons-almighty theory by means of the ideology-almighty theory.” 
“Arms fully charged with ideology and morality always win victory.” 
“Even an egg, when charged with ideology, can break a rock.” 
“There is a limit to one’s physical strength, but no limit to one’s spiritual strength.” 
“The revolutionary ideology of our Party has always accorded with the aspirations and demands of the masses.” 
“The road of Juche is the only path our Party and people should follow and the great Kimilsungism­Kimjongilism is the ever-victorious banner of our revolution.” 
“Kimilsungism-Kimjongilism is, in essence, the people-first doctrine.” 
“To hasten the final victory of the Korean revolution, invariably holding high the banner of Kimilsungism-Kimjongilism, is the faith and will of our service personnel and people and the wish of the times and history.” 
“The Juche idea is the most reasonable and universal revolutionary ideology which all those who aspire after independence can readily empathize with and accept as their own.” 
“The Juche idea is an encyclopaedic revolutionary ideology representing the entire history of implementing the cause of independence of the masses and a great ideology guiding mankind to the future.” 
“The Juche idea is the roots of the Songun idea and the latter is the brilliant embodiment of the former.” 
“The Songun idea is a revolutionary idea embodying a comprehensive anti-imperialist, independent stand and the spirit of ennobling love for the country, nation and people, and which is based on an iron faith and willpower.” 
“When we do as instructed by Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il, we will always emerge victorious–this is a law and a truth taught by history.” 
“The works and instructions by Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il are textbooks of the revolution.” 
“The Party’s policies are an all-encompassing encyclopaedia.” 
“The yardstick for distinguishing between a loyal man and a knave is the lines and policies of our Party.” 
“One should imbibe the Party’s ideas the way one breathes air.” 
“The revolutionary spirit of Paektu, the spirit of the blizzards of Paektu, is an unyielding offensive spirit of braving obstacles and difficulties and a staunch fighting spirit of rising up no matter how often one may fall and fighting it out.” 
“The revolutionary spirit of Paektu, the spirit of the blizzards of Paektu, is an ennobling spirit our service personnel and people must cherish till the end of their lives and the most precious spiritual wealth they must never exchange for anything in the world.” 
“The blizzards of Paektu are for revolutionaries a warm wind that tempers their revolutionary faith and brings them miracles and victories, whereas for renegade revolutionaries and turncoats, they are a strong, piercing wind that deals a crushing blow to them.” 
“The collectivist spirit is an important ideological and spiritual quality for revolutionaries.” 
“The revolutionary spirit of self-reliance is the traditional spirit of struggle for our people and a powerful weapon that gives an impetus to the revolution and construction.” 
“The revolutionary spirit of self-reliance is the spirit of national self-respect and the spirit of going beyond the cutting edge to lead the whole world by our own efforts, with our own resources and with our own technology.” 
“Looking upon others for their help leads to nowhere.” 
“People lacking in the spirit of living by their own efforts may become sycophants and a ruined nation before they realize it.” 
“The mother of miracles is the increased spiritual strength of the masses.” 
“The unquenchable spiritual strength of the masses is the fundamental source of miracles and a guarantee for victory.” 
“When the spiritual strength of the masses is enlisted, they are capable of moving a mountain and filling up a sea.” 
“The ideological position of our Party should be established in the form for attack, not for defence.” 
“The more vibrantly the ideological front seethes, the more fully the mental strength of the masses will be demonstrated, and the more the service personnel and people are roused, the faster the revolution will advance.” 
“A person’s ideology is expressed in practice and its outcome, rather than in revolutionary rhetoric or pledges.” 
“A concession of one step on the ideological front leads to a concession of two and three steps, ending up socialism being lost.” 
“If the ideological position grows cracked and corroded, socialism cannot be defended.” 
“By nature, the masses of the people reject the bourgeois ideology and culture which preach the money-is-almighty principle and the law of the jungle.” 
“The capitalist ideology and bourgeois lifestyle are like cancer that takes people’s lives.” 
“Whereas reactionary ideology and culture were a guide to aggression in the past, they are playing a leading role in aggression at present.” 
“Reactionary ideology and culture are a poison that benumbs the revolutionary consciousness of young people.” 
“Undesirable videos are a poison more fearful than opium.” 

4. POLITICS, ARMY AND  NATIONAL DEFENCE 
“Politics is a decisive factor on which the destiny of the masses and the rise and fall of the country and nation depend.” 
“Ideas and ideals are translated into practice by politics.” 
“Military affairs are inconceivable separated from politics.” 
“Songun is our independence, dignity and lifeblood.” 
“Songun is a proud tradition of the Korean revolution, and also a banner of victory and glory.” 
“Songun was Comrade Kim Jong Il’s revolutionary idea, his practice in the revolution, his political ideal and his political mode.” 
“Songun is politics that defends our nation not only today but for all ages to come.” 
“Arms constitute the highest level of affection and Songun, the highest level of benevolence.” 
“Songun politics is ever-victorious politics and an omnipotent sword that makes it possible to achieve the ideals of socialism.” 
“Our Party’s benevolent politics, all-embracing politics, is politics based on affection for and trust in the people, which embraces all of them without discrimination and looks after them as a mother would do her children.” 
“Our Party’s politics is one of respecting and loving the people.” 
“Strengthening the defence capability is the most important of all state affairs, and the country’s dignity, the people’s happiness and peace depend on powerful arms.” 
“Great military strength makes it possible to defend the country and guarantees the happiness of the generations to come.” 
“If one is powerless, one will be reduced to a bargaining chip of powerful ones however honest-minded and just one may be, and one’s precious history defended at the cost of blood will lose its brilliance in an instant.” 
“Nothing is more precious than peace, but it is not something that can be achieved if one simply craves or begs for it.” 
“When arms waver, they cannot maintain the Party nor defend the socialist government and system.” 
“The military might of a country represents its national strength; it is only by building up its military might in all aspects that it can develop into a thriving country and defend the security and happiness of its people.” 
“If a country is weak militarily, it cannot defend its independence and its right to survival and will ultimately fall prey to imperialists.” 
“Armed forces are symbolic of the strength of a nation.” 
“The powerful revolutionary Paektusan army is the most important legacy bequeathed by Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il to their beloved country.” 
“The People’s Army is the army of the leader, the Party and the Supreme Commander.” 
“The People’s Army is the buttress and main force of the Songun revolution.” 
“The People’s Army is the reliable vanguard and solid cornerstone of the Songun revolution.” 
“The speed of march of the People’s Army is the speed of advance of our revolution.” 
“The People’s Army is an excellent revolutionary university that trains its service personnel into indomitable revolutionary fighters, into heroes.” 
“What can never change even though time may change and one generation may be replaced by another, is the original revolutionary features of the People’s Army which bears the characteristics of Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il.” 
“The Party’s leadership is the lifeline of the People’s Army and the basic guarantee for its might and invincibility.” 
“The People’s Army is an army unfailingly faithful to the Party and the leader and strong in ideology and faith and the forerunner in achieving and defending unity and cohesion.” 
“The spirit of defending the leader to the death is a valuable tradition maintained generation after generation, the supreme motto of our army and the basic source of its spiritual strength and combat efficiency.” 
“It is the fighting spirit of the powerful revolutionary Paektusan army to hold high the red flag of the Workers’ Party as its leading banner and advance.” 
“The sole general direction for the People’s Army is to advance straight forward with guns levelled precisely in the direction our Party indicates.” 
“The People’s Army should become an integral whole which is ideologically pure and highly organized and which shares our Party’s ideology, draws breath with it and keeps pace with it.” 
“The first and foremost strength of a revolutionary army is that of its ideology and morality.” 
“War is a showdown of ideology and faith before being a showdown of strength.” 
“An army steeped in a weapons-almighty idea cannot win a war.” 
“If an army is dazzled by money, its country goes to ruin.” 
“Modern warfare is a war of brains, a war of intelligence.” 
“A military strategy is the crystallization of the forms and methods of preparing for a war, organizing it and fighting it.” 
“Peacetime separated from wartime can never exist for a soldier.” 
“There can never be a tomorrow in making preparations to cope with war.” 
“Soldiers must always think of the battlefield even in days when gun reports do not ring.” 
“The days of military service cannot be bartered for gold.” 
“The secret of becoming a-match-for-a-hundred combatants lies in strict training.” 
“Today’s training has a direct bearing on tomorrow’s possible war and on the destiny of the country.” 
“If military training is slighted, arms get rusty and the destiny of the country and nation is thrown into danger.” 
“In war there is no mercy for ill-trained soldiers.” 
“In wartime a soldier who is exemplary in battle is a hero, but in peacetime a soldier who is good at training is a hero.” 
“The secret of excellent marksmanship is a great spiritual strength plus painstaking efforts.” 
“Only when a soldier with arms burns his heart with hatred against the enemy can his bullet pierce the enemy’s heart.” 
“Let all service personnel become true comrades-in-arms!” 
“What we believe in is not the military hardware like guns or rockets, but the dear rank-and-file soldiers.” 
“The Supreme Commander and the commanding officers of the People’s Army exist for the rank-and­file soldiers.” 
“Officers should take warm care of their men with the feeling of being their eldest brothers and sisters and as their true comrades-in-arms.” 
“The commander of a company is what the father is for a family and its political instructor is what the mother is for the family.” 
“Officers must become true servants who devote themselves with ardent humane feeling to their men’s well-being.” 
“Companies are soldiers’ dear homes, affectionate bases for their life.” 
“He is a true officer who thinks that his men may feel cold and hungry even though he is warm and full.” 
“Supply services are immediately political work and combat efficiency of the military unit concerned.” 
“In the army political work separated from military work is inconceivable.” 
“A political officer ignorant of military affairs may serve as a brake, not as a propeller, in performing the combat duty of his military unit.” 
“Army-people unity is the root of our society and the great foundation of the Songun revolution.” 
“Working together is a powerful mode of struggle for the service personnel and people in waging an unyielding offensive with one mind and purpose.” 
“The defence industry is an important yardstick for assessing national strength and the key factor that decides the rise and fall of a country and nation.” 
“Our Juche-oriented munitions industry is a precious patriotic legacy bequeathed to us by the great Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il.” 
“The arsenals in the forests of Paektu where the sound of self-reliance reverberated are the origination of our Juche-oriented defence industry.” 
“The ‘Yongil bomb’ spirit created in the days of the anti-Japanese armed struggle is the precious ideological and spiritual source of building a defence industry of our own style.” 
“Peace, the prosperity of the country and the happy life of the people rest on powerful nuclear forces.” 
“Our nuclear deterrent is a just means for defending the sovereignty of the country and nation, preventing war and safeguarding peace.” 

5. THE ECONOMY AND SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 
“To boost the economy and improve the people’s standard of living is also a struggle to defend socialism.” 
“If one relies on others for food, clothes and other living articles to start with, one’s ideology grows changed.” 
“The agricultural front is an outpost in the battle for defending socialism and a major thrust of the effort to build our country into a socialist economic giant.” 
“In the stockbreeding sector, anti-epizootic work equates to production.” 
“The vanguard sectors, the basic industries, of the national economy are the pioneers and forerunners in building an economic giant.” 
“The metal and chemical industries are twin buttresses of an economic giant.” 
“Traffic is what blood vessels are to man.” 
“Construction is a yardstick for the economic strength of a country and the level of its cultural development.” 
“The Juche-oriented socialist architecture is, in essence, based on the principle of giving first and foremost importance to the masses of the people.” 
“The masses of the people are responsible for architecture.” 
“The Juche character and national identity are the lifeblood of construction.” 
“The principle of prioritizing convenience, aesthetic beauty and the outlook on the rising generation is a principle to be consistently adhered to in architecture.” 
“Design, building work and building materials are three elements of construction.” 
“Architectural design is the initial process in construction and creates an operational map for it.” 
“A designer is a man who tends the flower garden of socialism.” 
“Designing for furniture is also an art.” 
“Building materials are a basic element that decides the durable and attractive character of an architectural structure.” 
“Construction is an ensemble of modern science and technology.” 
“Post and telecommunications are the nerves and blood vessels of a country.” 
“Land administration is a patriotic undertaking of lasting significance for achieving the prosperity of the country and a noble undertaking for creating an excellent living base for the people.” 
“Forest creation and conservation is one of the greatest patriotic undertakings for the future of the motherland.” 
“The forest restoration campaign is a war to improve nature.” 
“Exporting the resources of the country is as good as selling the self-respect of the nation.” 
“To export underground resources is an attitude lacking in far-sightedness and an expression of a lack of patriotism.” 
“The development of the economy is preconditioned by the development of the industrial art.” 
“The industrial art is a means that gives an impetus to promoting people’s welfare and to building an independent national economy.” 
“People-oriented, kindly, cultured and hygienic characters are fundamental to service work.” 
“Economizing means production and is a manifestation of patriotism.” 
“Even if it flows endlessly, the volume of water of a river decreases if it is consumed.” 
“The key to increased production and improved quality is in putting the technical equipment, production lines and production methods on a modern, scientific footing.” 
“Giving priority to political work, putting production lines on a modern, scientific footing and improving the working people’s standard of material and cultural living–these are the fundamental secret of normalized and increased production.” 
“Getting rid of the proclivity to import is also a battle to defend socialism.” 
“The present is the era of the knowledge economy, and the national strength and the position and future of a country and nation are dependant on the level of development of science and technology.” 
“The industrial revolution in the new century is, in essence, a scientific and technological revolution.” 
“Our style of industrial revolution in the new century decides the prosperity of the country and the future of the nation.” 
“Science and technology are an engine which drives the times and a powerful propellant for building a thriving socialist country.” 
“Development of science and technology and education leads a country to prosperity and it is a shortcut to building an economic giant.” 
“Today the scientific front is an outpost for defending socialism.” 
“Cutting-edge science and technology are Height 1211 in building an economic giant.” 
“The key to self-reliance and increased production is in science and technology.” 
“We must not merely follow the road already travelled by others, but make a leap forward from one century to the next by developing science and technology.” 
“The level and speed of economic and social development are regulated by the development of science and technology.” 
“Earth satellite is an ensemble of cutting-edge science and technology, and the space science and technology and space industry are a yardstick for the strength of a country.” 
“Modernization which our Party demands is that which relies on our own forces and our own technology.” 
“This is an era when the strength of a country and the development of its economy and culture are decided by talented persons, an era of giving prominence to talented persons.” 
“A sci-tech power is a country rich in people talented in science and technology.” 
“Scientists and technicians are precious assets of the country and point-men of the times in hastening the building of a thriving nation.” 
“Science knows no national boundary, but our scientists have national boundary in their faith and have their own revolutionary positions.” 
“Scientific research is like blazing a trail on virgin snow.” 
“Man grows after eating and science soars to success after failures.” 
“The masses are responsible for the development of science and technology and their strength and wisdom are inexhaustible.” 
“The era of the knowledge economy demands that workers, too, become technology-oriented human beings, knowledge-oriented human beings, possessed of modern science and technology.” 
“A writing by a man who is not armed with Party policy is a mere display of his art of expression.” 
“A writing devoid of philosophical character and creation is not a scientific and theoretical writing.” 
“An impractical theory that gives no solution to the demands of revolutionary practice, a theory or knowledge that is not verified in practice, is useless.” 
“A theory separated from reality is no better than a book in the library.” 
“To contain a deep meaning in a writing, logical and easy to understand, is a people-oriented style of writing.” 

6. EDUCATION, PUBLIC HEALTH, ART AND LITERATURE AND PHYSICAL CULTURE 
“Educational work is a patriotic undertaking of everlasting significance for the prosperity of a country and nation.” 
“When training talented persons is likened to tending trees, education is the soil and the conditions and environment for it are the manure.” 
“The contents and methods of education are the fundamental factor that guarantees the quality of training talented persons.” 
“The work related with education and science and technology can be successful only when it is propelled steadily with an eye to 10 or 20 years ahead.” 
“Educational work requires conscience, devotion and patriotism.” 
“Teachers must serve as the roots and fertilizer in fostering the future of the country.” 
“Family education is the basis of school education and social education.” 
“The lineage of a family is the lineage of a country.” 
“Excellent teaching skills and ennobling traits are a hallmark of a teacher.” 
“The politico-ideological standards and educational qualifications of teachers are the level of quality of education.” 
“Qualifications of a teacher are reflected in the academic performance of his students.” 
“Teachers should become ‘our well-informed teachers’ and ‘walking dictionaries.’” 
“Public health service is an important undertaking that has a bearing on the existence of a nation.” 
“The main thing in treating a disease is to treat its cause, not its symptoms.” 
“Nursery and kindergarten teachers should become sound mothers, sound educators, for the children under their charge.” 
“Revolutionary art and literature awaken people to the truth of struggle and life and inculcate in them rich emotion and great verve.” 
“Revolutionary art and literature are a guide that rouses the masses to the revolutionary struggle.” 
“Art and literature are a bugle, a powerful encouragement, for the revolutionary advance to build a thriving country.” 
“The strength of art is greater than that of a nuclear bomb.” 
“The masses of the people are masters of socialist art and literature, and they also create and enjoy them.” 
“The genuine viability of art and literature is in making the whole society astir with revolutionary passion and mettle and rousing people to struggle and feats.” 
“An artistic work insensitive to Party policy will lose its viability.” 
“Art should sensitively reflect the spirit of the times and the trend of developing society and be pulsating.” 
“Art not related with the revolution, art for its own sake, is useless.” 
“Revolutionary music instils ardent passion and beautiful emotion into people.” 
“Music is a form of art that is most closely linked to people’s life.” 
“Song is a powerful weapon for the revolutionary struggle and a dear companion of life.” 
“An excellent song is a weapon more powerful than a gun or aircraft.” 
“Every movement of dance should also have an ideological character.” 
“Creative workers and artistes are revolutionaries who represent the intentions of our Party and point-men of its ideological work.” 
“One who is not empathic and responsive to the reality cannot create a masterpiece that pulsates with the breath of the times.” 
“A creative worker who lacks burning passion cannot approach the reality with warm heart and describe life realistically.” 
“For creative workers and artistes, skills can be likened to their lifeline.” 
“Artistic information and motivation work should be conducted as it is done on a battlefield, on a front line.” 
“Sports is a hallmark of the international prestige of a country and its national strength.” 
“A sports game is a war without gunshot.” 
“The proud successes achieved by sportspersons are presents of unstained loyalty they dedicate to the Party, their country and their fellow people.” 
“The height of a medal-awarding podium represents the prestige of the country.” 
“Weightlifters must keep their feet planted on the land of Korea and lift the world.” 
“The key to victory in building a sports power is to put sports on a scientific basis.” 
“The one that leads the competition in sports science and techniques becomes the victor, and the one that lags behind, the loser.” 

7. YOUTH, SCHOOLCHILDREN  AND FUTURE 
“The destiny of a party and revolution and the rise and fall of a country and nation depend on how young people are prepared.” 
“Young people are the successors to the revolution, a shock brigade in building a thriving nation and masters who will shoulder the future of Kim Il Sung’s nation.” 
“Young people are a reserve force of the Party and are responsible for the struggle to carry forward and accomplish the revolutionary cause of Juche.” 
“Our young people are the point-men in the general onward march, who vigorously advance straight ahead following the Party.” 
“A prosperous tomorrow will be achieved earlier by our young people taking vigorous steps.” 
“Young people are sensitive to the new, are enterprising and love justice and truth, and a revolution that gives prominence to them will always overflow with vigour and vitality and surely emerge victorious.” 
“When young people are prepared ideologically and spiritually, we have nothing to fear and nothing will be beyond our strength.” 
“‘We will go through fire and water in response to the Party’s call!’–this is the patriotic cry emanating from the hearts of the millions of young people.” 
“Young people, with their hot blood and soaring ambition and aims, should have the quality of organizing their work on a grand scale and performing world-shaking feats, like moving mountains and filling up the rough sea at one go.” 
“If young people march forward in high spirits, the whole nation will be inspired and the hot wind of a leap forward will sweep across the country.” 
“The youth league is a reliable wing of our Party in the struggle to carry out the revolutionary cause of Songun.” 
“The youth league is a reserve force of our Party and its special detachment.” 
“Schoolchildren are successors to Songun Korea and masters of the future.” 
“The members of the Children’s Union are treasures more valuable than billions of tons of gold, and represent our hope and our future.” 
“The future of Korea is that of the members of the Children’s Union and the future of the country is represented in their faces.” 
“When the laughter of children rings aloud, the whole country becomes bright.” 
“While the laughter of children inspires us to optimism and confidence in the future, it strikes terror into the enemy.” 
“The future of a thriving Korea will be represented first in the academic records of the members of the Children’s Union.” 
“The nearer schoolchildren are to books, the faster the prosperity of the country will be achieved; the farther they are from books, the slower it will be.” 
“While book is a secondary magazine for the officials’ ‘rifle,’ it is the primary magazine for the students’.” 
“The members of the Children’s Union are pillars supporting a prosperous Korea of the future.” 
“The honour of Party membership and the gold medal of Hero start from the red neckerchief and badge of the Children’s Union.” 
“The red neckerchief of the Children’s Union has been inherited from the Anti-Japanese Children’s Corps and is also a part of the red flag of the Workers’ Party of Korea.” 
“The Children’s Union is the dependable reserve of the People’s Army and the youth league, which are the vanguard of the Songun revolution.” 

8. OFFICIALS’ TRAITS AND STYLE OF WORK 
“Absolute loyalty to the Party, boundless devotion to the people and the death-defying implementation of the Party’s lines and policies are basic qualities officials of our era should possess.” 
“A Kimilsungist-Kimjongilist is a genuine soldier and follower loyal to Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il, who takes Kimilsungism-Kimjongilism as an element of his firm faith and devotes his all to victory in the Juche revolution under the leadership of our Party.” 
“Loyalty to the leader is the highest expression of patriotism.” 
“Absolute worship of the leader is an ennobling ideological feeling emanating from a deep understanding of his greatness.” 
“A man who supports the Party with stained feeling can never share life and death with it to the end along the road of the grave revolution.” 
“A person who worships the people as God and works devotedly for them is just a genuine Kimilsungist-Kimjongilist.” 
“Officials should be true servants of the people who take care of them with a maternal feeling.” 
“Officials should first remember, whenever they approach the people, that they are standing before the great people whom Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il believed in as in heaven and regarded as their teachers throughout their lives.” 
“The officials, who learn from the people before teaching them and who highly appreciate their efforts, are true sons and daughters of the people.” 
“Officials should become those whom people call ‘our such-and-such,’ whom people remember and who have a lingering effect on people even after their death.” 
“A Party official can be likened to a gardener.” 
“Party officials should be so warm-hearted and broad-minded that everybody is willing to come to them and unbosom himself or herself.” 
“To move the hearts of the people Party officials should devote all their sincerity to them as mothers do to their children.” 
“Officials should mingle with the masses, their hands stained with grease and their shoes with earth, and be proud of doing so.” 
“The traits and qualification proper to officials are formed and consolidated in the course of their mingling with the masses and of working and living with them.” 
“Although simple and modest in appearance, their hearts are always burning with the Party’s intentions and they enthusiastically support the revolution and struggle–this is a feature our Party thinks ideal for officials.” 
“An official will have nothing left if he gives up his revolutionary faith and Party-oriented conscience.” 
“Officials should not become a candle before the wind or a flower in the greenhouse.” 
“Asphalt pavement may crack, but Party-oriented conscience of officials must not.” 
“Conditions may be difficult, but the patriotic spirit must not be stained.” 
“Bright facial expression by officials is itself an important aspect of political work.” 
“If officials are cold-hearted and lack emotion, people do not follow them and they cannot mingle with the people.” 
“General Kim Jong Il’s plan for building a thriving country must not be executed by decades, but by leaping forward from one decade to the next.” 
“The man, who carries out the plans and decisions of the Party according to the set timetable and at the standard demanded by it, is one who is armed with the Party’s ideology as an element of his faith.” 
“Endeavouring to implement the ideology of the Party and champion its policies–this is the clearest manifestation of one’s loyalty to it.” 
“The slogan ‘We serve the country and the people!’ put forward by our Party is a patriotic slogan our officials should hold high.” 
“Officials should not remain simply worrying about their country; as genuine patriots they should be prepared to throw themselves into supporting the country.” 
“If we surmount difficulty for one year, our country will make an advance of ten years.” 
“Officials should be the point-men in blazing the trail and an engine propelling the masses forward in the vanguard of the ranks.” 
“Officials should be men of action, who, although they seldom speak, throw themselves into every undertaking in the vanguard of the masses and always support the Party with their performance results.” 
“When all officials work sincerely, sharing good times and bad with the people and giving their all, sometimes carrying burdens on their backs, all the people will, with a sense of patriotism, take an active part in building a prosperous country.” 
“If officials cherish the Party’s outlook on the people as their creed and spirit, they can perform anything with credit.” 
“Officials should find their pleasure and happiness in people’s pleasure and happiness, and the greater people’s pleasure and happiness are, the farther the Party’s cause advances.” 
“The centre of officials’ thinking and practice should always be occupied by people’s interests.” 
“Whatever officials do, it should be what people desire and what people like.” 
“Officials, who listen sincerely to people’s demands and opinions and devote themselves for their interests, are true servants of the people.” 
“Those, who make tireless efforts for the people’s good, can be called officials.” 
“Officials should make an arduous march while people make a march towards prosperity.” 
“People should be seated on golden cushions.” 
“One should not work in the way of putting out fire after it broke out.” 
“Officials should not be an oil painting hanging on a wall.” 
“Ours is an era of competing practical abilities and officials’ practical abilities are the height of their loyalty to the Party.” 
“Our era demands persons of versatile talents.” 
“Officials’ practical abilities are an ensemble of their loyalty to the Party and the revolution, devotion to the people and organizing and commanding ability.” 
“As even steel gets rusty if left outside, anyone goes degenerated ideologically if he or she neglects training his or her Party spirit.” 
“No one can ever be a perfect revolutionary, so there is no end to revolutionary self-improvement and training.” 

9. TRUST AND AFFECTION,  MAN AND LIFE 
“Trust leads to victory and single-hearted unity.” 
“Trust is followed by loyalty, but distrust produces betrayal.” 
“There can be no love and devotion that are separated from trust.” 
“Repaying the trust of the Party and leader with loyalty is a duty and noblest moral obligation proper to revolutionaries.” 
“He is a genuine man who cherishes the Party’s affection and trust as a precious asset throughout his life.” 
“The feeling of trusting and following the Party should be unaffected and unstained.” 
“Those with a strong faith and sense of obligation will absolutely trust and follow the Party and the leader only, and hold fast to the red flag of the revolution, the flag of the glorious Party, even if it means giving up their lives.” 
“Human relations can become solid and earnest to the highest degree only when they are based on loyalty to the leader.” 
“While single-hearted unity is the highest expression of beautiful mind, betrayal is the highest expression of wicked mind.” 
“Those who have formed an integral whole for the community in ideology, intention, feeling and obligation and share weal and woe on the road of struggle are comrades-in-arms.” 
“There should be no selfishness in comradely relations.” 
“Once he has shared feelings with the other, man must cherish them to the end.” 
“A man waging the revolution should not follow another man for his official position but just the man.” 
“A man who follows another man for his official position easily betrays him when the revolution experiences trials.” 
“Although a term of military service may expire, there must be no end to the devoted service for the country and the people.” 
“Those who think of their organization and collective before themselves, who are prepared to sacrifice themselves for the organization and collective and who embody the beautiful moral ethics of the Songun era are genuine revolutionaries and people of conscience.” 
“Let us always live the way we did in the days of military service!” 
“Love and respect for the people emanate from the spirit of loving labour.” 
“One who lives his days meaninglessly without any goal and aspiration is a forlorn man.” 
“Greater is the pride in having climbed a high mountain and deeper are the footprints on the swampy and muddy paths.” 
“A man overwhelmed by money unhesitatingly takes the road of betraying his country and nation.” 
“One must live a worthwhile life even in one’s latter years.” 
“One who lives at the expense of one’s self-respect is not a man, but a being inferior to an animal.” 
“He is a genuine man who cherishes pure conscience and acts as indicated by it.” 
“One can become an excellent man only when one has seen, listened and felt much since one’s childhood.” 
“When all families are harmonious and happy, the whole society can become one family and the socialist system further consolidated.” 
“Book is a silent teacher that gives people a rich knowledge.” 
“In our society a poor man is not the one who lacks money but knowledge.” 
“A man who is poor in knowledge is no better than a pauper.” 
“A man who is very poor in the 21st century is the one who is poor in knowledge.” 
“As a fish pond without a spring soon dries up, man becomes a good-for-nothing if he does not study.” 
“One’s routine work and life should be a process of learning.” 
“One cannot add lustre to one’s life if one does not continuously improve and train oneself.” 
“Man’s facial expression is the mirror of his heart.” 
“Man smiles and speaks by his eyes.” 
“Just as beautiful flowers and rich fruits cannot be expected on arid land, so the life devoid of artistic emotion and optimism cannot produce zeal for struggle and confidence in the future.” 
“Song is in life and life is in song.” 
Printed in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea 
No. 6830139 
  E-mail: flph@star-co.net.kp http: //www. naenara.com.kp 





